Jenette Lockett: Okay, there
Natalie Austin: You go
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jenette Lockett: You're
Jenette Lockett: Welcome. Okay, Natalie.
Jenette Lockett: I'm excited. I'm glad you guys came up with it. I know.
Natalie Austin: I really yeah
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, that was my my counselor right you well I guess would be my old counselor, but I was telling her, I was like, you know, because I was on like a 60 day way to shout like
Jenette Lockett: There's like 60 or more. And I said, Yeah, I've been waiting and I told her, and she started looking it up cuz I got it was bright view and as like Bright House right you is kind of
Jenette Lockett: But anyway, I was telling her, she's like, really. And I'm like, Yeah, I think it's interesting. I was excited
Jenette Lockett: Because I don't drive
Jenette Lockett: So I kind of, you know,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Really people don't drive or you can't get out of the house. Absolutely.
Jenette Lockett: Right, or the timing is timing. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So your, um, your date of birth of September 5 75
Jenette Lockett: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Jenette Lockett: Looking at myself with
Natalie Austin: The tech. Tell me about your recovery story. What happened, how you got into
Happen.
Jenette Lockett: Well, I started really really young.
Jenette Lockett: Don't even know how that was started around 15 angels by God.
Jenette Lockett: On more campaigns and then axes and then it went to heroin.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, so I was doing heroin over 20 years or more. I don't know my whole life, very much. I got I've been clean for
Jenette Lockett: About eight years, maybe I want to say about eight years I've been good, but I've been on Suboxone you to not like totally clean again. But please, for me, so
Jenette Lockett: I'm liking it.
Jenette Lockett: But uh yeah and it's getting old now and then I had a sister died last year.
Jenette Lockett: She I guess the new drugs, the new drug that they strain your heart. So if you need a new heart valve and that's my baby sister show. Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: They're in her my dad just, you don't want to get that high anymore. I still smoke weed. They're still got that in the system. I'm trying to play again and then
Jenette Lockett: I quit for a couple years. And then I started bad guy.
Jenette Lockett: I buy with friends it but it almost gave me more anxiety, if that makes sense.
Natalie Austin: What
Jenette Lockett: Kind of dance.
Natalie Austin: Do you have an injury.
You
Jenette Lockett: Know my boyfriend growing up. Well, my boyfriend. I dated like 1517 years
Jenette Lockett: His dad had cancer so that then you could get. I mean, they just report it out like oxy have every kind of tell you two things up. And yeah, so with me. He lived for years. So we were hype a lot
Jenette Lockett: Again, I grew up in Florida. So it's a little easier to get at the time, no faster pace, I guess, I don't know, and then
Jenette Lockett: Yeah. So I started young really young.
Jenette Lockett: I went to try the Methadone clinic.
Jenette Lockett: I don't want. I'm trying to think of my age, I'm bad with the years when
Natalie Austin: You're 44 now.
Jenette Lockett: I know, I know how old I am. But I'm trying to think of what year I lived in Daytona Beach. I went to, it was
Jenette Lockett: I tried to do that for about 15 months they slowly detox me but I it was in my phone so bad. So when they came out with the oxygen that actually worked for me. And I think we incent
Natalie Austin: McLean for eight years.
Jenette Lockett: Really saved my life.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, really saved my life.
Jenette Lockett: It really did cuz I would be dead. I will, I will read it again here.
Natalie Austin: You have a claim for eight years.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, about that and then going to be right. Yeah, yeah, that that day I knew I had to move away when they say people, places and things like you know i just whatever, but it was true. I had to literally move away.
Jenette Lockett: My daughter.
Natalie Austin: You started like at age 15 or so you think, just like
Red
Jenette Lockett: Pill like Lord tab and part of that or whatever. And then slowly went to China, why
Jenette Lockett: Is it. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Jenette Lockett: Glad you moved away like I
Jenette Lockett: Said I had
Jenette Lockett: A year to just
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, I've moved away from the city. It's not really country but Amelia and Milford like country to me at 20 minutes from the city, but
Jenette Lockett: That's far enough, you know, nobody come knocking at my door. Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: Right, and that's not how to do it because I was not strong enough it. I didn't even stop craving to like my second year, I want to say, I still kind of all the time.
Jenette Lockett: That I met with everybody else created that long, but I wouldn't have been around. I couldn't be around somebody doing it. Not one you know at the time.
Jenette Lockett: We're now I can say, you know what
Jenette Lockett: Sorry I paid back before, but I'm on the
Natalie Austin: I'm the word, where have you been getting the Suboxone for the last eight years he
Jenette Lockett: Just various clinics.
Jenette Lockett: Well,
Jenette Lockett: I'm more likely to go to Dr.
Cooper.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, now I go to bite by bite you, for it's like I've been there a couple of times I can miss me and and I had to start over intake.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, I've been at least five years I was there a new one. The old one. Yeah, there. Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: Why do I still been going to recently, which I didn't wasn't sure because I was waiting to see how this worked out. Because if not, I was
Jenette Lockett: Done by tomorrow, but yeah.
Jenette Lockett: Looking at your goals with a stat.
Jenette Lockett: Isn't Amir you yeah bright you if I go to the Claremont county one
Natalie Austin: What does, what does a message.
Jenette Lockett: Are you getting Mike was
Talking
Jenette Lockett: I'm on to
Jenette Lockett: To be the norm morphine, a day to which I asked. I was going to try to move up to three, but I've been on it for so long, but I wasn't
Jenette Lockett: Is it
Natalie Austin: Often the order for the lock so
Jenette Lockett: Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: I used to be.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah yeah
Jenette Lockett: I was on the pills, because I don't know if my insurance. I guess it would take that step, but they just enough
Natalie Austin: They just paid for the film, right, or that's true.
Natalie Austin: They pay for the pills.
Jenette Lockett: They pay for the pills, whatever. I mean whatever pterosaurs normally covers, but yeah.
Natalie Austin: Give me
Jenette Lockett: I've been on the strip and then I I used to be on more. I mean about our
Jenette Lockett: Election pregnant or nursing. So I kind of went
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they won't let you do that, fine. Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: Which is fine. I mean, I get it.
Jenette Lockett: Either blocker.
Jenette Lockett: Looking for my other headphones. If you're wondering, is this 110 hope.
Natalie Austin: The wall. The Walgreens on Main Street.
Jenette Lockett: We're going to put this in. Once again, kind of money.
Jenette Lockett: Alright, are you there.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yep.
Jenette Lockett: Cool, I changed headphones. I went by.
Natalie Austin: Do you go to the Walgreens.
Jenette Lockett: On Main Street. Yes, ma'am.
Jenette Lockett: Yes, I do. Now, are you in California. Is that where you guys located
Natalie Austin: I'm in. I'm actually in Pennsylvania. I'm in Pennsylvania.
Jenette Lockett: How's the weather there.
Natalie Austin: crappy. It's actually nice though. It's nice today. It's like 45 yeah
Jenette Lockett: You say 25 4045 5050
Natalie Austin: So I'll take that.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, it's rainy gray out here today, but at least it's not snowing. I'm happy.
Natalie Austin: The ones. Last time you got a prescription
Jenette Lockett: Last I guess last week. Um, well, I was just what they do is they'll give it to you. Normally, a month and then they you just call every week and get it filled. That's how they do it.
Jenette Lockett: Used to be two weeks and then they just started having people go because I didn't go to their pharmacy. They had their own pharmacy to which is just
Jenette Lockett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: All of them.
Jenette Lockett: Net. Yeah, they all have that. But I didn't want to do that because I seen people waiting like an hour to go right next door. And I'm like, Oh, no.
Jenette Lockett: But I almost dead, but the pills, they were given out making it makes me nauseous, just like this. There's like three different kinds of sub Suboxone and those white ones is. Yeah. They said, when they get this
Natalie Austin: Oh, I can hear you.
Jenette Lockett: Tuesday or Wednesday. It's Tuesday and Wednesday.
Natalie Austin: I was that what was that other clinic called does that bright heart.
Jenette Lockett: Or bright
Natalie Austin: Light when
Jenette Lockett: I got a bright view now with Dr. Cooper that
Jenette Lockett: Inner
Jenette Lockett: Inner great
Jenette Lockett: Oh, Cincinnati its own and William Howard Taft, it's a inner great integrate something I want to say. Enter grade. Dr. Cooper, he's wanting to start all these
Jenette Lockett: Practices down here and I also went to prime health, but that was before I had insurance and I was paying cash. It was like pretty much a cash doctor you pay the 250 and get it for a month ago back in
Right.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah I did that but
Jenette Lockett: Once they once I finally got insurance and then they changed over insurance because I was paying cash for them for the first first couple years and it was a lot
Jenette Lockett: Well yeah, I did it.
Jenette Lockett: Still here. So I did it.
Natalie Austin: Oh, let's go to others.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Let's go on to your wife will history. Do you have any other
Natalie Austin: past history.
Jenette Lockett: No, not really. I mean, I'm sure I I fell out, went to the hospital. I know at least once I O. D.
Jenette Lockett: I've had my appendix out and that's about it. I've never had broken anything bro for nothing. So, yeah.
Natalie Austin: If I do have high cholesterol, high blood pressure, diabetes,
Jenette Lockett: You know,
Jenette Lockett: It's it repression, I do have anxiety. Oh, yeah. I guess I have ADHD. So I was on
Jenette Lockett: I was on to Adderall 30s, a day but my psychiatrist is now at the only easy. He's now working at a crazy ward where I can't be a patient, so I can't just walk in and see him which sucks because I really liked him. He's like, my favorite. You're so smart.
Natalie Austin: But I have a new dog doctor now.
Jenette Lockett: I don't have a psychiatrist yet right you don't have one at my location and the location that does have it is like an hour from my house, so I can't. Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: And some of them don't want to see me because I did start at crossroads. I went to their that's where I found that psychiatrist and did their casting and stuff and they
Jenette Lockett: I followed him when he left but they weren't happy that I went to bright you you know getting subs when they give subs there. So it was kind of like, you know,
Jenette Lockett: 2020 just can't wait. Yeah, they were happy. I will go in there just to see the psychiatrists and not everything.
Jenette Lockett: But yeah, I haven't got one. I thought about going to
Jenette Lockett: Do just had to open enrollment.
Jenette Lockett: Dr. David
Jenette Lockett: Which
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'd have to I'd ride or
Jenette Lockett: Something and then yeah, just
Natalie Austin: Find a new one. It's been almost a
Natalie Austin: Year. Um, do you have Pepsi, Pepsi or HIV or you ever tested.
Jenette Lockett: I yeah I have have see
Jenette Lockett: Okay, have HIV I but uh, yeah. Now I found out I had it in 2006 and I did try to go get the medicine and seeing a liver doctor. This was it's been about two years.
Jenette Lockett: And I went and did it wasn't a biopsy. Well, they did like a sonogram. I don't know. I didn't. And they said they didn't see any scar tissue so I couldn't get the medicine because it's like 30 $200 a pill, but now I'm sure they got more different kinds. But yeah, so I didn't qualify as
Jenette Lockett: Much as I wish I would have
Jenette Lockett: But yeah
Jenette Lockett: But at least that's hope that they will have something to fix it soon eventually for everybody.
Natalie Austin: Right, right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you should definitely get treated eventually here.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, he would have me come just like once a year to see if, you know, new medicines, if my insurance will cover it. I just haven't been back
Jenette Lockett: Okay, I should I should make an appointment. Now that you said something I just
Natalie Austin: Okay, so
Natalie Austin: That's medical history includes hepatitis C history of IV drug use ADHD.
Natalie Austin: Disorder.
Natalie Austin: opioid use disorder is that it
Jenette Lockett: Yep. Yes, ma'am.
Jenette Lockett: Okay.
Jenette Lockett: I had anxiety, but a kind of they've been teaching me skills. So I kind of can cope with that. So it hasn't been too bad, they had me on beautiful
Jenette Lockett: Loose bars and then I think that was what it was, and then Claudia or something but
Jenette Lockett: I was just taking them as needed. I wasn't like taking them daily
Natalie Austin: Okay, like
Jenette Lockett: You like you should have been so yeah
Natalie Austin: I know you said that appendix. That's it.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, and I was like eight years old when I had that out. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You still have your tonsils and your gallbladder.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: Let's go into allergies.
Jenette Lockett: Me, I do.
Jenette Lockett: I do I'm allergic to coding. At least that's what I've always been told.
Jenette Lockett: And
What happened, I got
Jenette Lockett: Fired. Remember, it's been years but I find member I just broke out in hives.
Okay.
Jenette Lockett: But that's what I was thinking like, I'm sure all that dude was cut with that years ago when I think about that. Um, and I have seasonal allergies, but they were prescribed me just like I don't know clarity or whatever that is, that that they have
Jenette Lockett: That's it just moved to Ohio and I can't breathe in this weather. It's horrible from Florida everybody else says the opposite, but I can breathe. I went down to visit my mom and Florida.
Natalie Austin: Any, any you take it.
Jenette Lockett: Anyone
Natalie Austin: And 76
Boston
Jenette Lockett: Know, because I haven't been on my Adderall show not like much, and
Jenette Lockett: Just that sinus medicine and I had Ibuprofen as needed, because my knees been all messed up.
Jenette Lockett: In a car accident, but I started doing this acupuncture and I really, I really liked the guy and he used to work at rehabs to I just found out with on patients. I think that's awesome, but yeah.
Natalie Austin: How much
Natalie Austin: Were you taking how much at all.
Jenette Lockett: I was. Yeah, I was on to 30 hours a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jenette Lockett: I don't know if you have all my files air, but they're all it's in there.
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Are you have
Natalie Austin: You said ibuprofen holds the other one.
Jenette Lockett: Sinus. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, what's on his medicine.
Natalie Austin: Over. I know they gave me
Jenette Lockett: Know they brought me a script. So I got it for free. Ah, I know I have flow, nice and neat. I was a nasal flow days and I think like I don't know Claritin or whatever it is. It's one of those little white ones.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, clarity.
Natalie Austin: And then the flow name. So I just want to add them to your list.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And what's the ibuprofen for
Jenette Lockett: It was for my knee my right knee. It's been I got was in a car accident, actually, and
Jenette Lockett: It's just been messed up by limp. I like when I walk. I know, I know one side of my hips up higher than the other, from what the chiropractor said, but I just, it's just messed up my knee.
Natalie Austin: How many milligrams
Jenette Lockett: Six. It was like
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, it was like 600 I think six or eight I think six probably
Jenette Lockett: Okay, now it's just as needed.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go back.
Natalie Austin: With it. I'm past medical history surgical history. Let's go under family history. Are you alive.
Jenette Lockett: My dad actually passed away last year.
Jenette Lockett: He had cirrhosis.
Natalie Austin: Of the liver.
Jenette Lockett: He isn't he Yeah he was he was a drinker. Yeah, so he
Natalie Austin: Was how old was he
Jenette Lockett: Make me 161 yeah
Jenette Lockett: My mom is still alive. She doesn't never know nothing. She's up in Florida.
Jenette Lockett: And as far as I know she don't have anything
Natalie Austin: Wrong.
How old is she,
Jenette Lockett: She's born in 58 so 61 to 68
Jenette Lockett: Finger up Mac.
Natalie Austin: That's okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Jenette Lockett: I do. I have well got all my half sisters, which one passed away, and the other one which actually she just had to head baby like two weeks ago. It's horrible, but she was she's still using she's on that fentanyl and
Jenette Lockett: It wasn't her fault. She has a certain blood type thing, attack the babies, I guess. Oh so horrible.
Jenette Lockett: She's clean now. Yeah, my brother from my mom, he were 15 years apart. He's a cop actually
Jenette Lockett: Crazy. Yeah, she didn't go with him, but
Jenette Lockett: I don't think there's nothing wrong. He has anxiety. I know that.
Jenette Lockett: I don't know. I think that's about it.
Natalie Austin: Are you the youngest oldest of all
Jenette Lockett: The I'm the oldest of everybody, hoping
Natalie Austin: That's
Natalie Austin: What happened, what happened. Your one sister that side.
Jenette Lockett: She did he get to the heart valve is dope stream heart so bad she did a heart but then they got that new infection out where you need like an IV for six months.
Jenette Lockett: Whatever it is called she had it. And they said, well, if she don't have the surgery, she has zero chance and if she has it's 5050 but she didn't make it to the table. She didn't make it that far.
Natalie Austin: Oh, well, that
Jenette Lockett: Had a rough year
Natalie Austin: Did she do it.
Natalie Austin: Was from drugs. Oh.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, sorry. Oh am to chit endocarditis.
Jenette Lockett: Is that what it's called. I didn't know
Jenette Lockett: The name for it. Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: Oh yeah, that was the sister. My favorite sister, but I had her I raised her neck. Her son my nephew for he's now with a good family and foster care, but
Jenette Lockett: Because I couldn't take both the kids and she had signed a thing. At first you have to take them both, it, it was just, it was just awful but
Jenette Lockett: But yeah
I had already was here.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, it's a rough year. I'm just glad
Jenette Lockett: Slowly moving on. But yeah, it was wrong.
Natalie Austin: Right. Oh.
Jenette Lockett: But I, I didn't start using it. So I did pretty good. I'm proud of myself, we've
Natalie Austin: Under let's go under family history. Let's go under.
Natalie Austin: Social History, are you married single
Jenette Lockett: Divorced I'm single, never been married no kids can't have kids, I can they have never one came out.
Jenette Lockett: I had, I had a system. My ovaries. I
Jenette Lockett: When I was 15 they had found a cyst. I know I never got to remove. So I'm guessing they're still there. I don't know, I'm not really sure. But, uh,
Jenette Lockett: It could have probably been a little surgery but yeah I know kids never been married
Natalie Austin: He is out, do some tobacco or alcohol.
Jenette Lockett: I do I'm down actually to like a half a pack of cigarettes a day now. And I even changed him light, light because I was getting sick. The other weekend so non smoking lights.
Natalie Austin: Smoking cigarettes.
Jenette Lockett: I say around like 11
Jenette Lockett: Jeff.
Natalie Austin: Any marijuana use
Jenette Lockett: Yeah. Well, yeah, but I've been trying to slow down on that too. I probably hit a joint three days ago maybe
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You have your medical marijuana card.
Jenette Lockett: I actually do have one
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, I had, I had it. I don't know somewhere my purse. But I do have one
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let's see, at some point, at some point, you can have them scanning inverts we can put her in your chart. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, what what it shows up in your urine drug screen, you know, we'll, we'll know why. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Awesome.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: I'll put a note in here to to that you have that. So we have that
Natalie Austin: And alcohol you
Jenette Lockett: Know, never been a drinker, maybe because I watched my dad too much or something.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, dad, he had
Jenette Lockett: He lost his arm when I was like two years old, a city bus pulled over to see him on a motorcycle. So he had like one arm and enough
Jenette Lockett: But he became a black belt and stuff. So he like I just thought you live forever. Yeah, but he was a drink. I hated drunk.
Jenette Lockett: Good thing.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, just put a note in your chart that you have that and you'll send a copy and then
Natalie Austin: You can take a, take a picture and email it into us.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, I can do that. OK, so now. Yeah.
Yep.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go under.
Natalie Austin: Oh, you're employed. I see.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, full time I've been here. I've been here eight years.
Wow.
Jenette Lockett: That's what kept me clean is idle time with my downfall.
Jenette Lockett: Good for you. Earlier was. But yeah, I've been here eight years or more eight or nine
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go under the here. We already covered the allergies and medications. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let's go under review of systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Jenette Lockett: I'm
Jenette Lockett: Getting chills or hot flashes. I don't know what they are just at night sometimes in the middle the night on that. No.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, just either hot flashes or freezing to death.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, I'm hoping I'm not going to prevent a pause back. I guess the labs can tell us that
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it's not related to any withdrawal or anything.
Jenette Lockett: No, no, no, no, I don't know. I was wondering that I asked the doctor, I did the time. And she said, well, we're just gonna play it out and see, you know, so I guess.
Jenette Lockett: That's where I'm at.
Natalie Austin: Was last time you took us a box of
Jenette Lockett: This morning
Natalie Austin: Okay, so yes not withdraw.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, no.
Natalie Austin: It's probably change of life. Yep.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, I doubt it.
Jenette Lockett: I don't feel that as old as I, I, I see all these kids always always their parents that work with
Jenette Lockett: Dairy Queen, by the way. Dairy Queen and if you can see
Natalie Austin: I love blizzard
Jenette Lockett: I know that's why am I getting my butt.
Jenette Lockett: video too long.
Natalie Austin: Okay so 14 point of system was reviewed negative
Natalie Austin: Next line.
Natalie Austin: New paragraph visible to them next gen lot of owners white female Nokia distress vitals stable a febrile at&t Perla cardiac wearing glasses.
Natalie Austin: Cardiac nurse call system tax lungs knowledge restorations admin understand it extremities no damage and tell you the bird musculoskeletal five five.
Natalie Austin: Neuro cranial nerves to through 12 intact cycle or eight times three pleasant cooperative
Natalie Austin: Fine assessment one opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: It's ghosts. Hell is
Natalie Austin: This, you have to back with us. Chronic Pepsi history of IV go use ADHD generalized anxiety disorder.
Natalie Austin: opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: Next line plan will continue on Suboxone tablets eight slash two one POV ID number 28 sent to pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: Walgreens Walgreens.
Jenette Lockett: Now actually, I got, I go to the Kroger now because Walgreens quit taking their source.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, yeah, a Kroger on it's across the street from Walgreens Main Street or whatever that is.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, I
Natalie Austin: Agree. And so I gotta do.
Jenette Lockett: I'm so used to volunteer been there for years. I'm so upset me and scores. Yeah, that was just like two months or within the month or the beginning of the year, February 1 they started it.
Jenette Lockett: Yes. What
Natalie Austin: Let's end it there.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, glad you said that. I forgot all about them changing that I'm
Jenette Lockett: Not used to it. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Yes. Want to Walgreens won't fill it. It'll be a fine.
Natalie Austin: Kroger Kroger
Natalie Austin: Zip code with Kroger
Jenette Lockett: 4512
Natalie Austin: And Amelia on West Main Street. Right.
Jenette Lockett: Yep. Yes, ma'am.
Cincinnati.
Jenette Lockett: Amelia, I guess just Amelia. I don't know. They got rid of a meal. Yes. Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: Amelia. I don't even know what else it would be that they changed my Township split us up.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, definitely. I said right Emilio minor dress.
Natalie Austin: It's on.
Natalie Austin: It's on West Main 2621
Main Street.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, that yeah that's it there's only one. Yeah, that's it.
Jenette Lockett: They got like four names for the same exact street like depending on how far you go down it.
Jenette Lockett: Or Ohio.
Jenette Lockett: Or Main Street. Yeah, yeah, it changed the name every other block same street.
Natalie Austin: That's funny.
Jenette Lockett: I know I'm just getting used to it. I've been out there like a year and a half. Yeah, I've been here about a year and a half. Yeah, it's still not use
Natalie Austin: Me. Hold on one sec. I'm going to send it to the forum see right now 189707
Natalie Austin: Hi.
Natalie Austin: There Kroger
Natalie Austin: I would call our get it.
Jenette Lockett: Alright, so I'm going to go look all look online when I whenever I get a break in here for the nearest labs, so I can just go to any lab and get the blood work done today or
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, I'm fax it to you. All right.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so
Natalie Austin: Let's continue on to the plan here. Yep. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um Rx sent to Kroger number 28 I'm continue medications per PCP for other conditions.
Natalie Austin: will focus on getting treatment for hepatitis C.
Natalie Austin: And the future here since we discussed that discuss tobacco use.
Jenette Lockett: And I need my be should
Jenette Lockett: I get to see a psychiatrist, you
Know, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yep, for your ADHD medicine. Yes.
Natalie Austin: You do that.
Natalie Austin: And what do they do individual, group therapy with us to
Natalie Austin: Rochelle.
Natalie Austin: And we have medical management on Thursdays at one
Jenette Lockett: Last Thursday. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Probably starts next week.
Natalie Austin: It'll be in your email. Okay, just check your email.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, I just said that because I'm really I don't really get my point.
Jenette Lockett: But Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. And then you get your urine drug screen labs done and Penny lab, I guess.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, I think you have seven days if seven days. I think to do that.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, I'm going to try to do it today. As long as I can find one doing it.
Natalie Austin: Will check wars. Oh, a RS via computer
Natalie Austin: I'm. Any other questions for me.
Jenette Lockett: And when you when you guys do group it I guess I don't
Jenette Lockett: Know,
Natalie Austin: till we get
Natalie Austin: We do group and individual
Jenette Lockett: Rob a counselor.
Yes.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, yeah, individual actually like individual better
Natalie Austin: Now,
Jenette Lockett: So,
Jenette Lockett: As ever,
Jenette Lockett: Are struggling getting appointments all and I'm working
Jenette Lockett: Through
Jenette Lockett: Why did the beginning it was real rough at the beginning kind of swing it now, but yeah.
Jenette Lockett: So excited. Yay.
Jenette Lockett: I really am. It's just so much better.
Jenette Lockett: sit at home and then talk
Jenette Lockett: Yeah.
Jenette Lockett: I am. I'm excited. I see that I pulled it up online, and I was checking into and I'm like this is awesome. Nobody's heard of it.
Jenette Lockett: Was telling everybody now.
Natalie Austin: That crow that Kroger, I said it to what was it an Amelia.
Amelia.
Jenette Lockett: Amelia, I guess.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: But I did make an amendment here Walgreens doesn't take
Jenette Lockett: Care source. Yeah, they
Natalie Austin: Care source. There we go.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, my insurance they stopped it such
Natalie Austin: A. Do you need a prior author anything
Jenette Lockett: I don't think so. Now because I've been still getting. Um, so I would see, I would think I would
Jenette Lockett: Say, I guess I don't think so.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that was sent now to Kroger and Amelia.
You can
Natalie Austin: Now,
Jenette Lockett: When I have
Jenette Lockett: The facts, my stuff. What number do I call because I got a couple of numbers from you guys. I got like the main number and then I have is Ohio number I call
Jenette Lockett: This
Natalie Austin: I would call the Ohio number
Jenette Lockett: Shoot over numbers, but
Jenette Lockett: Making sure
Natalie Austin: And now he said no prior authorization as needed yet.
Jenette Lockett: No, not yet, at least not yet. They haven't told me now.
Natalie Austin: Okay, just let us know when you do so it doesn't, you don't get hung up with them not getting your meds. Okay.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah, oh yeah, I've been through that I already know.
Natalie Austin: Okay, give us a couple days notice. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I think we've covered everything
Jenette Lockett: Right.
Natalie Austin: And I remember. Remember, oh yes sudden up copy of your medical marijuana card. Don't forget that.
Natalie Austin: Okay, email.
Natalie Austin: Just email it in
Natalie Austin: Okay. And I think that's everything.
Jenette Lockett: That's everything right. Awesome. Well, I'm glad I met you. Are you gonna be my doctor all the time.
Jenette Lockett: Okay.
Jenette Lockett: Yeah. Yay, every doctor every time.
Natalie Austin: Oh, I'll be I'll be in group. I'll be in group to as
Natalie Austin: Well on Thursdays. Whenever you start there. Alright, so
You said
Natalie Austin: You check your email and find out what time your group start or what
Natalie Austin: This week I think it's next week, though.
Natalie Austin: But it should all be in your email.
Jenette Lockett: Right. Yay, awesome. If I need anything. I guess I just call you guys. You guys are always there. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Exactly, yeah.
Jenette Lockett: I do love it. It's awesome.
Well, I'm glad.
Jenette Lockett: All right. All right. Thank you so much.
Jenette Lockett: You have any other questions. No, I don't think so.
Jenette Lockett: Not right now, but I'm sure I will. Before the end
Natalie Austin: So put your script up when you're done with work today. Okay.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.
Jenette Lockett: Probably Thursday night.
Okay.
Took the end button leave